todo.md, before:

# mvp

- [x] set up auth with convex and clerk
- [x] bottom panel navigation
- [x] character list
- [x] working character sheet fields as plain inputs (text inputs, textareas, number inputs, sliders)
- [x] player list config
- [x] move navigation state to query params
- [x] dice
- [x] attribute dice roll button
- [x] attribute descriptions
- [x] show total EXP for the whole party and used EXP per-character
- [x] clocks
- [x] toggle character visibility
  - list characters under different headings for visible and hidden
  - only show hidden characters to admin
- [x] dice roll button popover for using resilience
- [x] hide any non-admin UI from non-admins

# polish

- [ ] for each player, make their character stand out in the character list
- [x] assigning characters to players
- [x] notes and inventory should be private to the assigned player and admin
- [x] characters should start out hidden by default
- [x] on roll popovers, give the option of obscuring the name (or just entering any alternate label?)
- [x] on roll popovers, add an additional counter for arbitrary modifiers
- toasts
  - [ ] errors
  - [ ] rolling dice: "X resilience has been used"
- [x] improved counter-style number input
- [ ] generic world data, similar to character data
- [ ] toggle clock visibility
- [x] show current character in document title
- [ ] readonly state for spectators
- [ ] remove button on dice rolls
- [ ] confirmation modal for signing out
- [ ] mobile responsive styles
- [ ] redirect to first character

Commit message:

allow arbitrary modifiers to be negative

todo.md, after:

# mvp

- [x] set up auth with convex and clerk
- [x] bottom panel navigation
- [x] character list
- [x] working character sheet fields as plain inputs (text inputs, textareas, number inputs, sliders)
- [x] player list config
- [x] move navigation state to query params
- [x] dice
- [x] attribute dice roll button
- [x] attribute descriptions
- [x] show total EXP for the whole party and used EXP per-character
- [x] clocks
- [x] toggle character visibility
  - list characters under different headings for visible and hidden
  - only show hidden characters to admin
- [x] dice roll button popover for using resilience
- [x] hide any non-admin UI from non-admins

# polish

- [ ] show and apply roll modifiers from stress
- [x] allow arbitrary modifiers to be negative
- [ ] for each player, make their character stand out in the character list
- [x] assigning characters to players
- [x] notes and inventory should be private to the assigned player and admin
- [x] characters should start out hidden by default
- [x] on roll popovers, give the option of obscuring the name (or just entering any alternate label?)
- [x] on roll popovers, add an additional counter for arbitrary modifiers
- toasts
  - [ ] errors
  - [ ] rolling dice: "X resilience has been used"
- [x] improved counter-style number input
- [ ] generic world data, similar to character data
- [ ] toggle clock visibility
- [x] show current character in document title
- [ ] readonly state for spectators
- [ ] remove button on dice rolls
- [ ] confirmation modal for signing out
- [ ] mobile responsive styles
- [ ] redirect to first character
